This project is concerned with using LaTeX for teaching in HE.
There are three folders: hb; lc; cw.
There are definition files in the root directory.
There are bibliographies.

There are many things to do:
 - move logo to folder - complete
 - added slide.py to parse a single slide. python slide.py -w 3, will parse 3/l3.tex; requires some further work. 
	i) to complete all slides; 
	ii) to parse slides in  a range, say week 4--8; 
	iii) parse slides in non-contiguous ranges, say week 1,4 and 7; and, 
	iv) update tar ball
 - change files to incorporate new logo position above
 - get code compiled and create pdf from a single file, written in python or bash?
 - bash will restrict access to linux distros, likely to be python
 - consider ninja & python combination
 - create fork, called 4025, of output only; show pdf files - make this public
 - create zip file to put in 4025 - zip includes only pdf 
 - generate further script to more than one module
 - think of dates/ module runs/ cohorts/ campuses 
 - automate the generation of files and directories for 12 week delivery.
 - create a database to store information about modules
 - generate all material for multiple modules using step above.
 - include exercises, slides, courseworks, handbook as a single file generated by a small program
 - include a script to generate a output only mode, this would be in the form of a single zip file
 - include scripts to generate separate forks, for pink, blue, yellow backgrounds for ease of use and accessibility for students with dyslexia
 - create script using voice recorder from script to produce an audio file from lecture notes
 - create script to update/commit to git
 - create script to increase font size and create a separate fork
 - create script to provide slides in 2x3, 1x3, 1x2 formats using pdfjam

At the moment the data is just there as an idea of what is required.

Ian Mitchell

